- Known mismatch between the PCMs for streaming and non-streaming and known low frame-level error:
	- During non-test runs, streaming and non-streaming will unmatch due to the flags `append_terminator`, `allow_prepend_bos`, `allow_append_eos`. However, this is now turned off in streaming and non-streaming during the PCM match integration test.
	- Ensure that every punctuation is followed by a space (in fact, only need to ensure the streaming-immediately-verbalizable punctuations), e.g. "Hello!Hello" will cause a mismatch, or new line-character `\n` followed by no space will cause mismatch due to streaming NOT inserting the `word_boundary` encoded phoneme right after those punctuations.
	- Double phonemes from two consecutive words: E.g. "tua attività", where Orca may sometimes only verbalize the two "a" phoneme as one. What you need to do is to lower the worst case threshold for now, but once we have the sufficiently trained Orca, we should then decide what to do with this issue.
        - More details (if you know CTC): This will cause CTC to suffer due to the CTC rule where you can't directly jump from one phoneme to another phoneme skipping the padded blank phoneme if the two phonemes are the same. We have proposed to remove phonemes in this case, however, let's not do this for now and wait for the trained Orca to see what happens. Ali suggested just lower the worst case threshold.
	- Double phonemes from the lexicon in the same word: For Italian in particularly, perhaps for other language as well, e.g. the word "attività", there will be double consonant phonemes "t t". The case is similar to above.
	- Skipped phoneme: Sometimes Orca and Google translate will skip the phoneme of a word entirely, e.g. "attività è in programma" will skip the "è" due to connected speech, in this case, we could remove the phoneme for "è", or you can wait for the trained Orca to do this, again, for now simply lower the threshold.
	- Similar phonemes: E.g. "m" & "n", or "a", "e" & "o", "ɔ". Sometimes the probability for the lower one is acceptable like 0.15, but sometimes it is extremely low e.g. 0.000008. This is a Porcupine issue.
	- Long sentences for which the streaming will truncate the phoneme sequence: Orca streaming will truncate the phoneme sequence whereas Orca non-streaming will not. This cause mismatch because the input to Orca text encoder is different, thus yielding different PCM. So avoid put long sentences to Orca.
    - On some sentences, Orca streaming and non-streaming may result in different phoneme timings due to rounding (ask Ted for more explanations), even though the encoded phonemes between streaming and non-streaming match. To confirm this, check if the encoded phoneme match between streaming and non-streaming but the output buffer differs in Orca.
- Extra notes:
	- We add padding during the PCM frame-level error integration test to improve the performance of Porcupine to predict the beginning and end phonemes.
	- You can set the Orca log level verbose flag in `CMakeLists.txt` to be `ON` while debugging.
	- You can use `pv_orca_app` to print out the formatted phoneme sequence with flag `-v 1`, but make sure to manually check if they are correct.
	- When setting the worst case threshold and average case threshold for frame-level error test, I'd strongly suggest to do the following:
		- Average case threshold should NOT be lower than 0.85.
		- On the first run, set the worst case threshold to be 0.10~0.25, to see which frames failed.
			1. Inspected the posterior probability for all failed frames and their neighboring frames and completely determine why they failed. If this a new failure (e.g. is this the double phoneme or skipped phoneme issue described above?). If it is something new, let everyone know, because I did NOT catch it in the Italian Orca integration test.
			2. After ensuring there is no new known issue, you can lower the threshold to e.g. `0.001` or `0.0001` or `0.00001` or `0.000001`.
	- Currently, 11 Italian sentences (not long) will take linux-debug build around 9 minutes to run. We should all first run the complete sentences the first time, then compress the sentences to reduce runtime. We might also not run in debug build, but instead only run on the release build.
	- For now, we are enabling using the random latent during Orca synthesizing for the PCM frame-level error test. This means that frames may randomly succeed and fail.
	- Lastly, please come up with your own test sentences as opposed to copying from others so we can catch more errors. If you simply copy, then you will likely run into no new error because I've already debugged Orca for those. The point of these tests is to catch new errors.
